pages/pages-root-folder/index-en.md, before:

---
layout: frontpage
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Privacy by Design Foundation
permalink: /en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /
homepage: true
image:
  title: pbd.png
widget1:
  title: IRMA at Royal Institution
  url: https://www.rigb.org/whats-on/events-2019/february/public-electronic-identities
  text: Watch over an hour long presentation about digital identities, including IRMA, at London's Royal Institution, with much background information
  # image: ri-video-youtube.png
  video: <a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoRI"><img src="https://privacybydesign.foundation/images/ri-video-youtube.png" width="302" height="182" alt="/images/ri-video-youtube.png"/></a>
widget2:
  title: BRP attributes in IRMA
  url: /issuance-brp/
  image: nijmegen_logo_inverted.png
  text: Everyone in the Netherlands can load IRMA attributes from the Dutch Civil Registry (BRP) into their own IRMA app. This works via a DigiD login at the city of Nijmegen, with support of dozens of other municipalities. This opens a wide array of new IRMA applications.
widget3:
  title: IRMA itself
  url: /irma-en/
  text: IRMA is the unique platform that makes you digitally <em>self-sovereign</em> and gives you full control over your personal data&#58; with IRMA on your phone you are empowered not only to prove who you are, but also to digitally sign statements.
  # image: irma-video-youtube.png
  video: <a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="/images/irma-video-youtube.png" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>
  # title: Cooperation with SIDN
  # url: https://www.sidn.nl/a/internet-security/why-would-you-share-more-data-than-you-need-to?language_id=2
  # image: SIDN-IRMA-signing-3-12-2018.jpg
  # text: The Privacy by Design foundation and the foundation SIDN that manages registration for the .nl domain have entered into an agreement to improve the usage and availability of IRMA.
  # title: Brouwer prize for IRMA
  # url: https://www.khmw.nl/brouwer-prijs-naar-privacy-by-design/
  # image: KHMW-logo.jpg
  # text: The Privacy by Design Foundation won the 2018 Brouwer prize for science and society, from the Royal Holland Society of Sciences and Humanities (KHMW). The jury commends IRMA's positive contribution to trust in society and its solid scientific basis.
---

### Privacy by Design Foundation

<img src="/images/pbd.png" style="float: right; width: 40%; padding: 15px" />

The Privacy by Design Foundation creates and maintains free and open source software in which the privacy of the user is the most important. The most important application of the foundation is the identity platform [IRMA](/irma-en), an acronym of I Reveal my Attributes. The foundation also aims to generally improve the development and usage of open, privacy-friendly and well secured ICT.

With IRMA you can disclose properties (attributes) of yourself in a privacy-friendly and secure way - for example, I am over 18 years old - without disclosing other, non-relevant information about yourself. Using such attributes you can authenticate yourself to for example login on a website.

Additionally, with IRMA you can create attribute-based signatures, see [IRMA in detail](/irma-explanation) for more information.

<p style="margin-bottom: 0;">The foundation has two important operational roles in IRMA:</p>

1. Development and supporting the [IRMA
software](http://github.com/privacybydesign).
2. Supporting infrastructure for issuing attributes.

#### Collaborations

The Privacy by Design foundation was set-up in 2016. It arose from the [Digital Security](http://www.ru.nl/ds/) research group of the Radboud University and from the Privacy and Identity Lab [PI.lab](http://www.pilab.nl).  The foundation is an independent non-profit spin-off.

The foundation welcomes collaboration with others to get IRMA up and
running.  Pilots are now being prepared with the help of a number of
other parties, among which:

 * [SIDN](https://www.sidn.nl/?language_id=2) for extending usage and
   improving availability of IRMA, also in the long run.

 * The [Radboud University](https://www.ru.nl/english/), for (strong)
   authentication of student and employees and for digital signing of,
   e.g., examination grades.

* [NLnet](https://nlnet.nl) for development of a prototype for
   identity-based encryption on the basis of IRMA, via the *Next
   Generation Internet* programma NGI-PET, under the aegis of the
   European Union's DG Communications Networks, Content and
   Technology, see the announcement [`User-friendly email
    encryption possible with identity-based
    cryptography'](https://www.ngi.eu/news/2019/08/20/user-friendly-email-encryption-possible-with-identity-based-cryptography/)

 * [SURFnet](https://www.surf.nl/en/services-and-products/surfconext/index.html),
   for issuing and verifying of attributes through SURFconext.

 * [Nuts](https://nuts.nl), for an open infrastructure in healthcare,
   see also the portal for medical doctors
   [Helder](https://helder.health/) with
   [logon](https://helder.health/logon) via IRMA.

 * [Alliander](http://www.alliander.nl), for authentication and
   signing within the context of `smart' homes. In addition, the
   foundation is structurally supported by Alliander.

 * [Open University](https://www.ou.nl/en/home), for joint IRMA
   software development.

The foundation receives external funding via the following projects.

 * *Connecting (with) IRMA* (2018), via the [SIDNfonds](https://www.sidnfonds.nl/projecten), see in particular this [project page](https://www.sidnfonds.nl/projecten/connecting-with-irma).

 * *Citizen Science* (2018-2020), via the European Regional
    Development Fund [ERDF](http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/en/funding/erdf/); see the [ERDF projecten in the province of Gelderland](https://www.europaomdehoek.nl/projecten/?radius=&projectProvince[]=Gelderland).

* *Chronical Pain* (2018-2020), via the European Regional
    Development Fund [ERDF](http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/en/funding/erdf/), see [ERDF projecten in the province of Gelderland](https://www.europaomdehoek.nl/projecten/?radius=&projectProvince[]=Gelderland).


<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/q6IihEQFPys?start=217" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>

<div id="videoRI" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/vINtD58nLPQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>

Commit message:

update front page with irma-meet

pages/pages-root-folder/index-en.md, after:

---
layout: frontpage
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Privacy by Design Foundation
permalink: /en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /
homepage: true
image:
  title: pbd.png
widget1:
  title: Video calls with certainty
  url: https://irma-meet.nl
  image: irma-meet.svg
  text: "Sometimes you do not already know people in video calls, but you do need to be certain. IRMA supports a new service for authenticated video calls."
widget2:
  title: BRP attributes in IRMA
  url: /issuance-brp/
  image: nijmegen_logo_inverted.png
  text: Everyone in the Netherlands can load IRMA attributes from the Dutch Civil Registry (BRP) into their own IRMA app. This works via a DigiD login at the city of Nijmegen, with support of dozens of other municipalities. This opens a wide array of new IRMA applications.
widget3:
  title: IRMA itself
  url: /irma-en/
  text: IRMA is the unique platform that makes you digitally <em>self-sovereign</em> and gives you full control over your personal data&#58; with IRMA on your phone you are empowered not only to prove who you are, but also to digitally sign statements.
  # image: irma-video-youtube.png
  video: <a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="/images/irma-video-youtube.png" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>
  # title: Cooperation with SIDN
  # url: https://www.sidn.nl/a/internet-security/why-would-you-share-more-data-than-you-need-to?language_id=2
  # image: SIDN-IRMA-signing-3-12-2018.jpg
  # text: The Privacy by Design foundation and the foundation SIDN that manages registration for the .nl domain have entered into an agreement to improve the usage and availability of IRMA.
  # title: Brouwer prize for IRMA
  # url: https://www.khmw.nl/brouwer-prijs-naar-privacy-by-design/
  # image: KHMW-logo.jpg
  # text: The Privacy by Design Foundation won the 2018 Brouwer prize for science and society, from the Royal Holland Society of Sciences and Humanities (KHMW). The jury commends IRMA's positive contribution to trust in society and its solid scientific basis.
---

### Privacy by Design Foundation

<img src="/images/pbd.png" style="float: right; width: 40%; padding: 15px" />

The Privacy by Design Foundation creates and maintains free and open source software in which the privacy of the user is the most important. The most important application of the foundation is the identity platform [IRMA](/irma-en), an acronym of I Reveal my Attributes. The foundation also aims to generally improve the development and usage of open, privacy-friendly and well secured ICT.

With IRMA you can disclose properties (attributes) of yourself in a privacy-friendly and secure way - for example, I am over 18 years old - without disclosing other, non-relevant information about yourself. Using such attributes you can authenticate yourself to for example login on a website.

Additionally, with IRMA you can create attribute-based signatures, see [IRMA in detail](/irma-explanation) for more information.

<p style="margin-bottom: 0;">The foundation has two important operational roles in IRMA:</p>

1. Development and supporting the [IRMA
software](http://github.com/privacybydesign).
2. Supporting infrastructure for issuing attributes.

#### Collaborations

The Privacy by Design foundation was set-up in 2016. It arose from the [Digital Security](http://www.ru.nl/ds/) research group of the Radboud University and from the Privacy and Identity Lab [PI.lab](http://www.pilab.nl).  The foundation is an independent non-profit spin-off.

The foundation welcomes collaboration with others to get IRMA up and
running.  Pilots are now being prepared with the help of a number of
other parties, among which:

 * [SIDN](https://www.sidn.nl/?language_id=2) for extending usage and
   improving availability of IRMA, also in the long run.

 * The [Radboud University](https://www.ru.nl/english/), for (strong)
   authentication of student and employees and for digital signing of,
   e.g., examination grades.

* [NLnet](https://nlnet.nl) for development of a prototype for
   identity-based encryption on the basis of IRMA, via the *Next
   Generation Internet* programma NGI-PET, under the aegis of the
   European Union's DG Communications Networks, Content and
   Technology, see the announcement [`User-friendly email
    encryption possible with identity-based
    cryptography'](https://www.ngi.eu/news/2019/08/20/user-friendly-email-encryption-possible-with-identity-based-cryptography/)

 * [SURFnet](https://www.surf.nl/en/services-and-products/surfconext/index.html),
   for issuing and verifying of attributes through SURFconext.

 * [Nuts](https://nuts.nl), for an open infrastructure in healthcare,
   see also the portal for medical doctors
   [Helder](https://helder.health/) with
   [logon](https://helder.health/logon) via IRMA.

 * [Alliander](http://www.alliander.nl), for authentication and
   signing within the context of `smart' homes. In addition, the
   foundation is structurally supported by Alliander.

 * [Open University](https://www.ou.nl/en/home), for joint IRMA
   software development.

The foundation receives external funding via the following projects.

 * *Connecting (with) IRMA* (2018), via the [SIDNfonds](https://www.sidnfonds.nl/projecten), see in particular this [project page](https://www.sidnfonds.nl/projecten/connecting-with-irma).

 * *Citizen Science* (2018-2020), via the European Regional
    Development Fund [ERDF](http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/en/funding/erdf/); see the [ERDF projecten in the province of Gelderland](https://www.europaomdehoek.nl/projecten/?radius=&projectProvince[]=Gelderland).

* *Chronical Pain* (2018-2020), via the European Regional
    Development Fund [ERDF](http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/en/funding/erdf/), see [ERDF projecten in the province of Gelderland](https://www.europaomdehoek.nl/projecten/?radius=&projectProvince[]=Gelderland).


<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/q6IihEQFPys?start=217" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>

<div id="videoRI" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/vINtD58nLPQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>
