pages/en/irma-en.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About IRMA
meta_title: IRMA
teaser: IRMA offers a way for privacy-friendly authentication. When authenticating the user reveals only relevant properties (attributes) of himself, using an IRMA app on his mobile phone. 
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_1.jpg
  title: Privacy by Design Foundation
permalink: /irma-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /irma/
---

 1. I'm an **individual** who may want to use IRMA for the purpose of
    logging in online.

    You can try out the IRMA app by [installing](/download-en) it and
    registering yourself via the app as IRMA user at the Privacy by
    Design foundation, with your email address (and nothing
    else). Subsequently, you [load](/issuance) additional attributes
    into your app, in order to assemble a kind of digital passport on
    your phone. Also, you can monitor the usage of your app via the
    [my IRMA](/myirma) environment. You can unsubscribe at any time
    and delete all your attributes. You can do all this free of
    charge.

    In case you prefer to read more about IRMA first, please consult
    [this page](/irma-explanation).

 2. I'm from a **webshop** or another **organisation** that may want
    to use IRMA in order to let customers/members log in
    (authenticate).

    The first relevant question for you is: which attributes do I need
    to verify about my customers when they log in? Possibly an email
    address or a mobile phone number suffices, but maybe you need
    (physical) address information. More [information](/irma-verifier)
    about this is available on a separate page.

 3. I'm simply **curious** and like to learn more about IRMA.

    With IRMA users fully control the release of their own attributes
    when they log in&#58; users only reveal those aspects of
    themselves that they are willing to show, see the following
    instruction video (from Radboud University, 2016)&#58;

    <p align="center"><a
    href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6IihEQFPys"><img
    src="../images/irma-video-screenshot.png" alt="IRMA video"
    style="width: 50%; height: 50%"/></a></p>

    On the web you often have to prove who you are. This is called
    *authentication*. It involves, for instance, revealing your name,
    date of birth, or address, whereas all that is needed is proving
    that you are over 16. With IRMA you can selectively disclose only
    relevant properties (attributes) of yourself. There is an IRMA app
    that lets you store these attributes on your own mobile phone ---
    and nowhere else. This provides a flexible passport, from which
    you may or may not disclose certain parts, depending on the (login)
    situation.

    On a separate page [much more information](/irma-explanation) is
    available about personal attributes and about IRMA.

Commit message:

some text about signatures added

pages/en/irma-en.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About IRMA
meta_title: IRMA
teaser: IRMA is a unique privacy-friendly identity platform for both authentication and signing.
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_1.jpg
  title: Privacy by Design Foundation
permalink: /irma-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /irma/
---

IRMA offers a way for privacy-friendly authentication. When
authenticating, you as a user reveal only relevant properties
(attributes) of yourself, using an IRMA app on your mobile phone ---
for instane that you are older than 16. In addition, with this app you
can also digitally sign messages, where you identify yourself as a
signer also with personal attributes. In this way you can sign for
instance with your name and address, or with your medical
registration, when you are a doctor, or just with your email address
if you do not wish to disclose anything else.

 1. I'm an **individual** who may want to use IRMA for the purpose of
    logging in online.

    You can try out the IRMA app by [installing](/download-en) it and
    registering yourself via the app as IRMA user at the Privacy by
    Design foundation, with your email address (and nothing
    else). Subsequently, you [load](/issuance) additional attributes
    into your app, in order to assemble a kind of digital passport on
    your phone. Also, you can monitor the usage of your app via the
    [my IRMA](/myirma) environment. You can unsubscribe at any time
    and delete all your attributes. You can do all this free of
    charge.

    You can [try out](/demo-en) IRMA yourself, but can also readd more
    about IRMA first, at [this page](/irma-explanation).

 2. I'm from a **webshop** or another **organisation** that may want
    to use IRMA in order to let customers/members log in
    (authenticate), or to register consent from customers via a
    digital signature, in accordance with the General Data Protection
    Regulation (GDPR).

    The first relevant question for you is: which attributes do I need
    to verify about my customers when they log in? Possibly an email
    address or a mobile phone number suffices, but maybe you need
    (physical) address information. More [information](/irma-verifier)
    about this is available on a separate page.


 3. I'm simply **curious** and like to learn more about IRMA.

    With IRMA users fully control the release of their own attributes
    when they log in&#58; users only reveal those aspects of
    themselves that they are willing to show, see the following
    instruction video (from Radboud University, 2016)&#58;

    <p align="center"><a
    href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6IihEQFPys"><img
    src="../images/irma-video-screenshot.png" alt="IRMA video"
    style="width: 50%; height: 50%"/></a></p>

    On the web you often have to prove who you are. This is called
    *authentication*. It involves, for instance, revealing your name,
    date of birth, or address, whereas all that is needed is proving
    that you are over 16. With IRMA you can selectively disclose only
    relevant properties (attributes) of yourself. There is an IRMA app
    that lets you store these attributes on your own mobile phone ---
    and nowhere else. This provides a personal flexible passport (or
    wallet), from which you may or may not disclose certain parts,
    depending on the (login) situation. With these attributes on your
    phone you can also put digital signatures.

    On separate pages there are [demo's](/demo-en) and also [much more
    information](/irma-explanation) about personal attributes and
    about IRMA.
