pages/en/issuance-mobile.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Background information about issuance of mobile phone number attributes
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_1.jpg
  title: Privacy by Design Foundation
permalink: /issuance-mobile/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /uitgifte-mobiel
---

A mobile phone number can be issued as attribute to your IRMA app by
the Privacy by Design foundation. Before doing so, the foundation
checks if you actually have control over this number by sending a
verification as text message (SMS). This service is free of charge,
but (currently) only works for Dutch mobile phone numbers.

You may wish to add additional mobile phone numbers as separate
attributes in your app. You then execute the issuance process
multiple times, with different phone numbers.

As a first step of this issuance process, you provide your mobile
phone number at the relevant [webpage](/uitgifte/telefoonnummer). A
text message (SMS) is then sent to this number, coming from the phone
number 06-5195.3392 of the foundation. The message contains both a
one-time verification code and a verification link. There are now
two ways to proceed:

 1. You enter this code at the same webpage. A QR-code then appears, which
    you can scan with your IRMA app on your phone.
 2. You click on the verification link in the text message on your
    phone; you are then automatically redirected to the IRMA app.

In this way your phone number will be issued as attribute.

The validity period of this mobile phone number attribute is *one year*.

This service is still in an experimental stage and may change based on
operational experiences. After issuance, the foundation removes your
phone number attribute from its own systems. The foundation does not
keep a log of issuance. However, in systems of telecom providers the
communication between your number and the foundation's number may be
stored for some time. This is beyond the control of the foundation.

[Back](/issuance) to attribute issuance.

Commit message:

adapted phone explanation to European scope

pages/en/issuance-mobile.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Background information about issuance of mobile phone number attributes
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_1.jpg
  title: Privacy by Design Foundation
permalink: /issuance-mobile/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /uitgifte-mobiel
---

A mobile phone number can be issued as attribute to your IRMA app by
the Privacy by Design foundation. Before doing so, the foundation
checks if you actually have control over this number by sending a
verification as text message (SMS). This service is free of charge,
but (currently) only works for mobile phone numbers from
European countries. This restriction is exists because charges
within Europe are uniform.

You may wish to add additional mobile phone numbers as separate
attributes in your app. You then execute the issuance process
multiple times, with different phone numbers.

As a first step of this issuance process, you provide your mobile
phone number at the relevant [webpage](/uitgifte/telefoonnummer). A
text message (SMS) is then sent to this number, coming from the phone
number 06-5195.3392 of the foundation. The message contains both a
one-time verification code and a verification link. There are now
two ways to proceed:

 1. You enter this code at the same webpage. A QR-code then appears, which
    you can scan with your IRMA app on your phone.
 2. You click on the verification link in the text message on your
    phone; you are then automatically redirected to the IRMA app.

In this way your phone number will be issued as attribute.

The validity period of this mobile phone number attribute is *one year*.

This service is still in an experimental stage and may change based on
operational experiences. After issuance, the Privacy by Design
foundation removes your phone number attribute from its own
systems. The foundation does not keep a log of issuance. However, in
systems of telecom providers the communication between your number and
the foundation's number may be stored for some time. This is beyond
the control of the foundation.

[Back](/issuance) to attribute issuance.
