pages/en/privacy-policy-en.md, before:

---
layout: page
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Privacy policy
permalink: /privacy-policy-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /privacy-policy
---

The Privacy by Design foundation processes personal data with the aim
of realizing attribute-based authentication and signatures via the
system [IRMA](/irma-en), an abbreviation for *I Reveal My Attributes*.
The foundation is responsible for this data processing and in doing so
abides by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

The design of IRMA is such that personal data, attributes in
particular, are stored exclusively at the user's side on his/her own
phone or tablet. The foundation has a cooperation agreement and also a
data processing agreement with
[SIDN](https://www.sidn.nl/en/news-and-blogs/sidn-and-privacy-by-design-join-forces-for-privacy-friendly-electronic-identities-based-on-irma).
As part of this cooperation, SIDN handles the registration of new IRMA
users. In this registration process SIDN only stores a user's email
address, if the user explicitly so chooses, together with a very
limited set of historical usage data, as will be explained below.

A user of IRMA is asked to consent (agree) at every data processing
step by the foundation, as data controller, or by SIDN as
processor. This consent forms the legal basis for the data
processing. A user can at any stage terminate the foundation's (and
thereby also SIDN's) processing of his/her personal data by
terminating (blocking) his/her personal IRMA account, via the
[MyIRMA](/myirma) webpage. The IRMA app asks the user to consent
whenever attributes are received or revealed, via an **OK**
button. The IRMA app itself is protected via a personal PIN code. This
consent forms the legal basis for the processing or the relevant
attributes by these (third) parties, providing or receiving
attributes.

The Privacy by Design foundation and SIDN process personal data in
three different ways.

1. **Continuously.** At registration an arbitrary username is
   automatically created for a new user of IRMA. The user can choose
   to associate a self-chosen email address with this IRMA
   account. This is not necessary, but optional. The email address is
   stored and protected by SIDN, until the user changes or
   removes or cancels his/her account, in the [MyIRMA](/myirma)
   environment.

   The arbitrarily chosen username is a pseudonym that identifies an
   account at the foundation. The (optionally added) email address 
   can be used for communication with the user, for instance for
   logging into [MyIRMA](/myirma). SIDN keeps the email
   address secret and does not share it with others, unless there is a
   legal obligation to do so. The foundation and SIDN uses the address
   exclusively for IRMA functionality.

   The foundation and SIDN record usage data ("logs") per account. The
   sole purpose is providing an IRMA user with insight in the usage of
   his/her own account, associated with the user's email address, in
   order to detect possible abuse and to (subsequently) block the
   account. With this access to a user's own log data the foundation
   and SIDN fulfill their obligation to provide users insight in their
   own data. These log data are stored and protected until they are
   deleted by the user. The logs contain only time stamps of actions,
   together with the kind of action that happened, such as *PIN
   verified* or *IRMA session performed*. In particular, these logs do
   not contain personal data, such as attributes, or information about
   the party to which attributes are revealed, or fromm which
   attributes are received. These log data are not shared with others,
   unless there is a legal obligation to do so. When an IRMA account
   is terminated, or when its data are removed, all these log data are
   immediately removed by the foundation.

2. **Incidentally.** When the [IRMA app](/download-en) crashes or
   encounters a serious problem, an error report is made and sent to
   the foundation, if you as IRMA app user provided consent for that.
   This consent can be provided by enabling the "Send error reports to IRMA"
   toggle in the settings of the IRMA app. If this toggle is not enabled, then
   error reports are not sent. These error reports are a critical instrument for
   the foundation in fixing problems and improving the IRMA app.  An
   error report never contains user attributes, or data about
   previous usage of the IRMA app, but only technical data about what
   went wrong and about your phone (for example, IP address, the app
   version number, and the version number of Android or iOS). The
   foundation removes these reports when they are no longer necessary,
   or at least within three months.

3. **One time, only temporarily.** At issuance of attributes by the
   Privacy by Design foundation, the foundation attaches its own
   digital signature to these attributes; subsequently, the signed
   attributes are placed in the IRMA app of the user. Immediately
   afterwards, these data are removed from the systems of the
   foundation. The foundation does not keep a record of attribute
   issuance.

   For some forms of issuance, as well as for some <a href="/demo-en/">demos</a>,
   the user is asked to first authenticate with attributes. These attributes are also
   deleted immediately after usage.

The foundation publishes via its own [dashboard](/dashboard/)
how many IRMA users are registered in which country at any point in
time. This only involves the *number* of registered usernames
(pseudonyms) and the *number* of credentials (sets of attributes) per
country, issued by the foundation. The foundation also reserves the
right to publish statistical data about the registered logs, such as
for instance the total number of transactions per unit of time (day,
month or year).

The [privacybydesign.foundation](https://privacybydesign.foundation)
website is controlled and maintained by the Privacy by Design
foundation. The foundation does not collect data about its website
visitors and does not use cookies. Also, the foundation does not
collect contact data (such as IP-addresses) of IRMA apps that connect
to the foundation.

Technical changes in the IRMA system, or possible new services of the
foundation, may lead to adaptation of this privacy policy. The
foundation reserves the right to make such changes and will publish
the adapted privacy policy via this website as soon as possible.

For questions, remarks, or complaints about this data processing by
the Privacy by Design foundation for IRMA functionality, please
[contact](/contact-en) the foundation. For complaints about the
foundation's data processing one can also contact the [Data Protection
Authority](https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/en) of the
Netherlands.

Date: March 12, 2020.

Commit message:

Mention IP address processing in privacy policy also in English

pages/en/privacy-policy-en.md, after:

---
layout: page
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Privacy policy
permalink: /privacy-policy-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /privacy-policy
---

The Privacy by Design foundation processes personal data with the aim
of realizing attribute-based authentication and signatures via the
system [IRMA](/irma-en), an abbreviation for *I Reveal My Attributes*.
The foundation is responsible for this data processing and in doing so
abides by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

The design of IRMA is such that personal data, attributes in
particular, are stored exclusively at the user's side on his/her own
phone or tablet. The foundation has a cooperation agreement and also a
data processing agreement with
[SIDN](https://www.sidn.nl/en/news-and-blogs/sidn-and-privacy-by-design-join-forces-for-privacy-friendly-electronic-identities-based-on-irma).
As part of this cooperation, SIDN handles the registration of new IRMA
users. In this registration process SIDN only stores a user's email
address, if the user explicitly so chooses, together with a very
limited set of historical usage data, as will be explained below.

A user of IRMA is asked to consent (agree) at every data processing
step by the foundation, as data controller, or by SIDN as
processor. This consent forms the legal basis for the data
processing. A user can at any stage terminate the foundation's (and
thereby also SIDN's) processing of his/her personal data by
terminating (blocking) his/her personal IRMA account, via the
[MyIRMA](/myirma) webpage. The IRMA app asks the user to consent
whenever attributes are received or revealed, via an **OK**
button. The IRMA app itself is protected via a personal PIN code. This
consent forms the legal basis for the processing or the relevant
attributes by these (third) parties, providing or receiving
attributes.

The Privacy by Design foundation and SIDN process personal data in
three different ways.

1. **Continuously.** At registration an arbitrary username is
   automatically created for a new user of IRMA. The user can choose
   to associate a self-chosen email address with this IRMA
   account. This is not necessary, but optional. The email address is
   stored and protected by SIDN, until the user changes or
   removes or cancels his/her account, in the [MyIRMA](/myirma)
   environment.

   The arbitrarily chosen username is a pseudonym that identifies an
   account at the foundation. The (optionally added) email address 
   can be used for communication with the user, for instance for
   logging into [MyIRMA](/myirma). SIDN keeps the email
   address secret and does not share it with others, unless there is a
   legal obligation to do so. The foundation and SIDN uses the address
   exclusively for IRMA functionality.

   The foundation and SIDN record usage data ("logs") per account. The
   sole purpose is providing an IRMA user with insight in the usage of
   his/her own account, associated with the user's email address, in
   order to detect possible abuse and to (subsequently) block the
   account. With this access to a user's own log data the foundation
   and SIDN fulfill their obligation to provide users insight in their
   own data. These log data are stored and protected until they are
   deleted by the user. The logs contain only time stamps of actions,
   together with the kind of action that happened, such as *PIN
   verified* or *IRMA session performed*. In particular, these logs do
   not contain personal data, such as attributes, or information about
   the party to which attributes are revealed, or fromm which
   attributes are received. These log data are not shared with others,
   unless there is a legal obligation to do so. When an IRMA account
   is terminated, or when its data are removed, all these log data are
   immediately removed by the foundation.

2. **Incidentally.** When the [IRMA app](/download-en) crashes or
   encounters a serious problem, an error report is made and sent to
   the foundation, if you as IRMA app user provided consent for that.
   This consent can be provided by enabling the "Send error reports to IRMA"
   toggle in the settings of the IRMA app. If this toggle is not enabled, then
   error reports are not sent. These error reports are a critical instrument for
   the foundation in fixing problems and improving the IRMA app.  An
   error report never contains user attributes, or data about
   previous usage of the IRMA app, but only technical data about what
   went wrong and about your phone (for example, IP address, the app
   version number, and the version number of Android or iOS). The
   foundation removes these reports when they are no longer necessary,
   or at least within three months.

3. **One time, only temporarily.** At issuance of attributes by the
   Privacy by Design foundation, the foundation attaches its own
   digital signature to these attributes; subsequently, the signed
   attributes are placed in the IRMA app of the user. Immediately
   afterwards, these data are removed from the systems of the
   foundation. The foundation does not keep a record of attribute
   issuance.

   For some forms of issuance, as well as for some <a href="/demo-en/">demos</a>,
   the user is asked to first authenticate with attributes. These attributes are also
   deleted immediately after usage.

   The foundation also has to process the IP address of your computer or phone
   in the following cases:

   * You visit this website or one of the other ones of the foundation.
   * You scan a QR code with your IRMA app of one of the issuers or demos
     of the foundation (on desktop), or when (on mobile) the IRMA app is opened
     by one of these issuers or demos.
   * When, after the previous step, you receive or disclose data in the IRMA app
     from or to one of the IRMA applications of the foundation.

   In these cases your IP address is not stored, unless a technical error occurs.
   In that case your IP address is stored for two weeks, after which it is
   automatically deleted.

In addition, during the last step (the receiving or disclosing of data) your
IP address is also processed and logged by [SIDN](https://sidn.nl/en), a partner
of the foundation that runs the [IRMA keyshare server](/irma-explanation/#hood).
This also happens when you receive or disclose data to or from other parties than
the foundation.

The foundation publishes via its own [dashboard](/dashboard/)
how many IRMA users are registered in which country at any point in
time. This only involves the *number* of registered usernames
(pseudonyms) and the *number* of credentials (sets of attributes) per
country, issued by the foundation. The foundation also reserves the
right to publish statistical data about the registered logs, such as
for instance the total number of transactions per unit of time (day,
month or year).

The [privacybydesign.foundation](https://privacybydesign.foundation)
website is controlled and maintained by the Privacy by Design
foundation. The foundation does not collect data about its website
visitors and does not use cookies. Also, the foundation does not
collect contact data (such as IP-addresses) of IRMA apps that connect
to the foundation.

Technical changes in the IRMA system, or possible new services of the
foundation, may lead to adaptation of this privacy policy. The
foundation reserves the right to make such changes and will publish
the adapted privacy policy via this website as soon as possible.

For questions, remarks, or complaints about this data processing by
the Privacy by Design foundation for IRMA functionality, please
[contact](/contact-en) the foundation. For complaints about the
foundation's data processing one can also contact the [Data Protection
Authority](https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/en) of the
Netherlands.

Date: March 12, 2020.
