---
layout: page
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Privacy policy
permalink: /privacy-policy-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /privacy-policy
---

The Privacy by Design foundation processes personal data with the aim
of realizing attribute-based authentication and signatures via the
system [IRMA](/irma-en), an abbreviation for *I Reveal My Attributes*.
The foundation is responsible for this data processing and in doing so
abides by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

The design of IRMA is such that personal data, attributes in
particular, are stored locally at the user's side on his/her own phone
or tablet, and not at the foundation's side on its computers. The
foundation only stores a user's email address, if the user explicitly
so chooses, together with a very limited set of historical usage data,
as will be explained below.

A user of IRMA is asked to consent (agree) at every data processing
step by the foundation. This consent forms the legal basis for the
data processing. A user can at any stage terminate the foundation's
processing of his/her personal data by terminating (blocking) his/her
personal IRMA account, via the [MyIRMA](/myirma) webpage. The IRMA app
asks the user to consent whenever attributes are received or revealed,
via an **OK** button. The IRMA app itself is protected via a personal
PIN code. This consent forms the legal basis for the processing or the
relevant attributes by these (third) parties, providing or receiving
attributes.

The foundation processes personal data in three different ways.

1. **Continuously.** At registration an arbitrary username is
   automatically created for a new user of IRMA. The user can choose
   to associate a self-chosen email address with this IRMA
   account. This is not necessary, but optional. The email address is
   stored and protected by the foundation, until the user changes or
   removes or cancels his/her account, in the [MyIRMA](/myirma)
   environment.

   The arbitrarily chosen username is a pseudonym that identifies an
   account at the foundation. The (optionally added) email address 
   can be used for communication with the user, for instance for
   logging into [MyIRMA](/myirma). The foundation keeps the email
   address secret and does not share it with others, unless there is a
   legal obligation to do so. The foundation uses the address
   exclusively for IRMA functionality.

   The foundation records usage data ("logs") per account. Its sole
   purpose is providing an IRMA user insight in the usage of his/her
   own account, associated with the user's email address, in order to
   detect possible abuse and to (subsequently) block the account. With
   this access to a user's own log data the foundation fulfills its
   obligation to provide users insight in their own data. These log
   data are stored and protected until they are deleted by the
   user. The logs contain only time stamps of actions, together with
   the kind of action that happened, such as *PIN verified* or *IRMA
   session performed*. In particular, these logs do not contain
   personal data, such as attributes, or information about the party
   to which attributes are revealed, or form which attributes are
   received. These log data are not shared with others, unless there
   is a legal obligation to do so. When an IRMA account is terminated,
   or when its data are removed, all these log data are immediately
   removed by the foundation.

2. **Incidentally.** When the [IRMA app](/download-en) crashes or
   encounters a serious problem, an error report is made and sent to
   the foundation. These error reports are a critical instrument for
   the foundation in fixing problems and improving the IRMA app.  An
   error report never contains user attributes, or data about
   previous usage of the IRMA app, but only technical data about what
   went wrong and about your phone (for example, IP address, the app
   version number, and the version number of Android or iOS). The
   foundation removes these reports when they are no longer necessary,
   or at least within three months.

3. **One time, only temporarily.** At issuance of attributes by the
   Privacy by Design foundation, the foundation attaches its own
   digital signature to these attributes; subsequently, the signed
   attributes are placed in the IRMA app of the user. Immediately
   afterwards, these data are removed from the systems of the
   foundation. The foundation does not keep a record of attribute
   issuance.

   For some forms of issuance the user is asked to first authenticate
   with necessary attributes. For instance, for issuance of healthcare
   professional [BIG](https://english.bigregister.nl/) attributes, the
   name and date of birth of the user are asked first; these data are
   necessary for searching the associated BIG registration data in the
   BIG register. Also such necessary authentication attributes are
   deleted immediately hereafter.

The foundation publishes via its own
[dashbord](https://metrics.privacybydesign.foundation/grafana/dashboard/db/irma-dashboard?orgId=1)
how many IRMA users are registered in which country at any point in
time. This only involves the *number* of registered usernames
(pseudonyms) and the *number* of credentials (sets of attributes) per
country, issued by the foundation. The foundation also reserves the
right to publish statistical data about the registered logs, such as
for instance the total number of transactions per unit of time (day,
month or year).

The [privacybydesign.foundation](https://privacybydesign.foundation)
website is controlled and maintained by the Privacy by Design
foundation. The foundation does not collect data about its website
visitors and does not use cookies. Also, the foundation does not
collect contact data (such as IP-addresses) of IRMA apps that connect
to the foundation.

Technical changes in the IRMA system, or possible new services of the
foundation, may lead to adaptation of this privacy policy. The
foundation reserves the right to make such changes and will publish
the adapted privacy policy via this website as soon as possible.

For questions, remarks, or complaints about this data processing by
the Privacy by Design foundation for IRMA functionality, please
[contact](/contact-en) the foundation. For complaints about the
foundation's data processing one can also contact the [Data Protection
Authority](https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/en) of the
Netherlands.

Date: January 24, 2019.
