pages/en/reviews-en.md, before:

---
layout: page
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Reviews
meta_title: reviews
permalink: /reviews-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /reviews/
---

This page contains privacy and security reviews of the IRMA platform.

 * [Code audit](/pdf/irmago-gabi-audit-report.pdf) of the
   [irmago](https://github.com/privacybydesign/irmago) and
   [gabi](https://github.com/privacybydesign/gabi) source code repositories
   (which implement a.o. the IRMA server, the core of the IRMA app, and the
   IRMA cryptography). Performed by Stef Marsiske and Jonathan Levin of
   [Radically Open Security](https://radicallyopensecurity.com/)
   (see also their [notes](/reviews/irmago-gabi-audit)).
   Accompanying [reaction](/reviews/irmago-gabi-audit-reaction) by
   [Sietse Ringers](/people#developers).
 * [Dataprotection Impact Assessment](../pdf/DPIA-IRMA-dec-2018.pdf),
   carried out by PhD students Katerina Demetzou and [Tim
   Walree](https://www.ru.nl/english/people/walree-t/) of the
   Law faculty at Nijmegen, and reviewed by Koen Versmissen
   of [Privacy Management Partners](https://www.pmpartners.nl/),
   Dec. 2018.

Commit message:

SIDN stress test added to reviews

pages/en/reviews-en.md, after:

---
layout: page
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Reviews
meta_title: reviews
permalink: /reviews-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /reviews/
---

This page contains privacy and security reviews/audits of the IRMA platform.

 * [Stress
   test](https://www.sidn.nl/nieuws-en-blogs/infrastructuur-voor-irma-app-klaar-voor-grootschalige-inzet)
   of the IRMA infrastructure (backbone), which is hosted by
   [SIDN](https://www.sidn.nl), aug. 2020. Brief conclusion: IRMA is
   ready for wide-scale deployment.

 * [Code audit](/pdf/irmago-gabi-audit-report.pdf) of the
   [irmago](https://github.com/privacybydesign/irmago) and
   [gabi](https://github.com/privacybydesign/gabi) source code repositories
   (which implement a.o. the IRMA server, the core of the IRMA app, and the
   IRMA cryptography). Performed by Stef Marsiske and Jonathan Levin of
   [Radically Open Security](https://radicallyopensecurity.com/)
   (see also their [notes](/reviews/irmago-gabi-audit)).
   Accompanying [reaction](/reviews/irmago-gabi-audit-reaction) by
   [Sietse Ringers](/people#developers).

 * [Dataprotection Impact Assessment](../pdf/DPIA-IRMA-dec-2018.pdf),
   carried out by PhD students Katerina Demetzou and [Tim
   Walree](https://www.ru.nl/english/people/walree-t/) of the
   Law faculty at Nijmegen, and reviewed by Koen Versmissen
   of [Privacy Management Partners](https://www.pmpartners.nl/),
   Dec. 2018.
