pages/en/videos-en.md, before:

---
layout: page
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Videos & Drawings
meta_title: Videos
permalink: /videos-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /videos/
---

This page contains several videos about IRMA, followed by a few
[drawings](#cartoons). They are in reversed chronological order.
Some of them are in Dutch.

## Videos

 * Presentation about Digital Identities at the [Royal
   Institution](https://www.rigb.org) in London, on Feb. 21, 2019, by
   Bart Jacobs.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/vINtD58nLPQ"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>

 * An [OMOOC](https://omooc.nl/) video in Dutch from Jan. 2019, about
   online identities, developed by the ministry of Internal Affairs of
   The Netherlands, with Wouter Welling, Marleen Stikker, Bart Jacobs
   and Martijn van der Linden.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/ctz-GoIL6W0"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>

 * At the VNG Fieldlab week (24-28 Sept. 2018) in Zwolle [team
   NLX](https://nlx.io/) had a fridge full of
   [Club-Mate](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/xywxm7/how-a-german-soda-became-hackers-fuel-of-choice)
   that could be opened only with the right IRMA attribute. The IRMA
   verification code runs on a Raspberry Pi.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/qEUbyLFk_IU"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>

 * In the video below, from May 2018, Brinda Hampiholi and Sietse
   Ringers provide technical explanation about the integration of IRMA
   attribute-verification in a website. For more information, see the
   [technical documentation](/documentation).

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/5aYQ2N7KR3c"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>

 * Hereby the first IRMA video from [Radboud
   University](https://www.ru.nl/english), from 2016, with explanation
   by early developer Wouter Lueks.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/q6IihEQFPys"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>



## <a name="cartoons"></a> Drawings

 * On the occasion of the ISOC Internet Innovation Award 2019:

   <img align="middle" src="../images/isoc-award-cartoon-2019.jpeg" alt="ISOC prijs" style="border:10px solid white" >

   <br>

 * At the VNG Fieldlab meeting in Zwolle, 24-28 Sept. 2018:

   <img align="middle" src="/images/irma-drawing.jpg" alt="fieldlab" style="border:10px solid white" >
   <br/>
   <img align="middle" src="/images/fieldlab-irma-postcode.jpg" alt="fieldlab" style="border:10px solid white" >

Commit message:

Add Tweakers XL video, remove outdated irma_api_server video

pages/en/videos-en.md, after:

---
layout: page
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_poly2.png
  title: Videos & Drawings
meta_title: Videos
permalink: /videos-en/
language: en
translations:
  nl: /videos/
---

This page contains several videos about IRMA, followed by a few
[drawings](#cartoons). They are in reversed chronological order.
Some of them are in Dutch.

## Videos

 * IRMA introduction (in Dutch) about a.o. the IRMA software, technical
   details of IRMA sessions, an example how attributes can be requested,
   and existing IRMA attributes. By Sietse Ringers, Tweakers Meet-up XL
   on Privacy & Security, on Nov. 2, 2019.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/XTpPfd1Linc"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>

 * Presentation about Digital Identities at the [Royal
   Institution](https://www.rigb.org) in London, on Feb. 21, 2019, by
   Bart Jacobs.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/vINtD58nLPQ"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>

 * An [OMOOC](https://omooc.nl/) video in Dutch from Jan. 2019, about
   online identities, developed by the ministry of Internal Affairs of
   The Netherlands, with Wouter Welling, Marleen Stikker, Bart Jacobs
   and Martijn van der Linden.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/ctz-GoIL6W0"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>

 * At the VNG Fieldlab week (24-28 Sept. 2018) in Zwolle [team
   NLX](https://nlx.io/) had a fridge full of
   [Club-Mate](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/xywxm7/how-a-german-soda-became-hackers-fuel-of-choice)
   that could be opened only with the right IRMA attribute. The IRMA
   verification code runs on a Raspberry Pi.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/qEUbyLFk_IU"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>

 * Hereby the first IRMA video from [Radboud
   University](https://www.ru.nl/english), from 2016, with explanation
   by early developer Wouter Lueks.

   <div style="text-align:center;margin:1.5em"> <iframe width="560"
   height="315"
   src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/q6IihEQFPys"
   frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
   allowfullscreen></iframe> </div>



## <a name="cartoons"></a> Drawings

 * On the occasion of the ISOC Internet Innovation Award 2019:

   <img align="middle" src="../images/isoc-award-cartoon-2019.jpeg" alt="ISOC prijs" style="border:10px solid white" >

   <br>

 * At the VNG Fieldlab meeting in Zwolle, 24-28 Sept. 2018:

   <img align="middle" src="/images/irma-drawing.jpg" alt="fieldlab" style="border:10px solid white" >
   <br/>
   <img align="middle" src="/images/fieldlab-irma-postcode.jpg" alt="fieldlab" style="border:10px solid white" >
